ALTERA LICENSE TO COPY INFORMATION

You are licensed to download and copy documentation, software, and other
 materials from this website (including the myAltera and Self-Service 
Licensing Center portions of this website) provided you agree to the 
following terms and conditions:

You may use the Materials for informational, non-commercial purposes only.
You may not alter or modify the Materials in any way.
You may not use any graphics separate from any accompanying text.
You may distribute copies of the documentation available at this website 
only to customers and potential customers of Altera® products. However, 
you may not charge them for such use. Any other distribution to third parties 
is prohibited unless you obtain the prior written consent of Altera.
You may use any software provided on this website provided that you agree 
to be bound by the terms and conditions of Altera's Program Subscription 
License Agreement or other applicable license agreement. Unless expressly 
permitted, you may not modify, reverse engineer, or disassemble any software.
You may not install any software that is accompanied by or includes a 
License Agreement unless you first have agreed to the License Agreement terms. 
If no end user License Agreement accompanies or is included with the software, 
then such software shall be deemed to be Materials hereunder and this Legal 
Notice shall govern your use of such software. FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION 
OF ANY SOFTWARE IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED, UNLESS SUCH REPRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION 
IS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED BY THE LICENSE AGREEMENT ACCOMPANYING OR INCLUDED WITH SUCH SOFTWARE.
You may not use the Materials in any way that may be adverse to Altera´s interests.
You may not use this website (including, without limitation, any software, 
documentation, or other Materials you may obtain through your use of this website) 
(1) in a manner that violates any local, state, national, foreign or 
international statutes, regulations, rules, orders, treaties, or other laws, 
(2) to interfere with or disrupt the operation of the website or servers 
or networks connected to the website, or (3) attempt to gain unauthorized 
access to any portion of the website or any other accounts, computer systems, 
servers, or networks connected to the website, whether through hacking, 
password mining, or any other means.
All copies of materials that you download or copy from this website must 
include a copy of this Legal Notice.

Failure to comply with these terms and conditions will terminate the license.
